Update reference-collation-types.md (#125068)
Azure/azure-content: articles/synapse-analytics/sql/reference-collation-types.md

To change the default collation for dedicated SQL pool database, update to the **Collation** field in the provisioning experience. For example, if you wanted to change the default collation to case sensitive, you would change the collation from `SQL_Latin1_General_CP1_CI_AS` to `SQL_Latin1_General_CP1_CS_AS`. 

> [!NOTE]

> > Collation cannot be changed on an existing dedicated SQL pool database. If you need to have a different collation at the dedicated SQL pool level, create a new dedicated SQL pool with the required collation. We can change Collation from Azure Portal. but, we can't change Collation from Synapse Studio. it's limitation for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Collation cannot be changed on an existing dedicated SQL pool database. If you need to have a different collation at the dedicated SQL pool level, create a new dedicated SQL pool with the required collation. To specify a non-default collation when creating a dedicated SQL pool, use the Azure portal.
```
